welcome hanabi's when I introduce you
guys to our brand new vib side complete
with music videos touchscreen scoring
global and one of our nights
state-of-the-art vib bars this is Chuck
West one of our event coordinators Chuck
can you tell me a little bit about what
we have for corporations birthday
parties we all do all sorts of events
here at Antibes we have corporate events
we've had lettings birthday parties you
know business get together anything you
can imagine we can do over here at HBS
we've been around for about two years
now we used to be formally known as
River lanes been in the business for
quite some time but now we got something
new doing come out and check us out we
have one of the largest indoor go-kart
tracks in the state of Oklahoma we're
going to take you over there and just a
minute let you see that we also have a
state-of-the-art video arcade we have 50
brand new games complete with the prize
redemption booth and don't forget the
deal or no deal and the big bass will
those are the complet in the country
yeah our kids go free and starting up
April nineteenth and we'll go all the
way to August twenty-eighth roll those
kiddos get 2 free games every day
through the entire summer and there's a
lot more going on outside these walls so
let's go take a look
and this is our traditional side over
here we have 40 traditional lanes it's
used for open play tournaments league
competition and we do do reservations on
this side as well as our VIII IV side
and our lanes are open 7 days a week 365
days a year and while you're waiting
your turn you can enjoy a snack or a
cold beverage from our antibes grill and
now let's go take a look at our go-kart
track okay right now we're at the
antibes go-kart track it's 16,000 square
feet we have again 20 cards that we have
here there's regular sized cards titty
carts and two seaters on the
restrictions for the kids to ride they
at least need to be 40 inches tall and
five years old to ride the kitty carts
and children must be at least 40 inches
tall and five years old to ride into the
kitty carts or participate in the
two-seaters with an adult our go-kart
track features hairpin curves is really
exciting because you know a lot of the
times we kind of have to sit there and
go around the cars so there the curves
are real cool and as I said again 16,000
square feet also we have a HDTV that
displays the times of all the carts so
you guys can run races and see what
that's like season wins and in our vib
party rooms which overlook our go-kart
track you can sit there and watch your
family and friends race on the track and
if you get a hunter and to get out there
and do some racing go for it thank you
for taking a quick little tour of
Antibes we're located at 87th and south
lewis our phone number is 2 999 494 and
our website and eb tulsa calm we have
fun entertainment for kids of all ages
so anybody can come out here and have a
good time whether you're one joining one
of our youth leagues if we have here at
Antibes or adult leagues are seeing your
legs any age can enjoy the sport of
bowling here at Antibes